Add OCP templates (#20)
windup/windup-api: README.md

## OCP

You need to have an instance of Openshift Container Platform (OCP).

### API with sample page

On your OCP instance, create a project `windup` executing
```shell
oc new-project windup
```

> then upload our template to your project executing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
then upload API's template to your project executing
```

```shell
oc create -n windup -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/windup/windup-api/main/openshift/windup-api.yaml
```

finally, instantiate the template executing:
```shell
oc process windup-api -n windup | oc create -f -
```

Now all the images for running the containers are going to be pulled, so it might take some time.

You can know when the Windup API is available, waiting for the `windup-api` deployment to meet the `Available` condition execution:
```shell
oc wait -n windup --for condition=Available deployment windup-api --timeout=-1s
```

As soon as the `windup-api` deployment will be available, the following message will be displayed:
```shell
deployment.apps/windup-api condition met
```

> Now you can start testing the Windup API opening, in your browser, the Route url provided by OCP. To see the routes available in your project execute:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now you can start testing the Windup API opening, in your browser, the Route url provided by OCP.  
The route's URL is the value provided in the `HOST/PORT` column in the output of the command:
```

```shell
oc get routes -n windup
```

Now you can move to the [Usage Guide - API with Swagger](#api-with-swagger) and [Usage Guide - API with sample page](#api-with-sample-page-2) to get details on how to use them.  

If later you want to remove all the resources created, you can run:  
```shell
oc delete -n windup -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/windup/windup-api/main/openshift/windup-api.yaml
oc delete project windup
```

### API with Tackle

An early (i.e. proof of concept) integration between [Tackle](https://github.com/konveyor/tackle), the tools that support the modernization and migration of applications to Kubernetes from [Konveyor](https://www.konveyor.io/) community, and Windup API is available.

A kubernetes manifest for deploying the integrated versions of Tackle and Windup API is provided.  

On your OCP instance, create a project `windup` executing
```shell
oc new-project windup
```

> then upload our template to your project executing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
then upload API's template to your project executing
```

```shell
oc create -n windup -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/windup/windup-api/main/openshift/windup-api-with-tackle.yaml
```

finally, instantiate the template executing:
```shell
oc process windup-api-with-tackle -n windup | oc create -f -
```

You can check if the deployments have been successfully done executing and waiting for the next command to finish  
```shell
oc -n windup wait deployment --all --for condition=Available --timeout=-1s
```

The expected outcome would be like (the order of the entries can be different):  
```shell
deployment.apps/application-inventory-postgres condition met
deployment.apps/artemis condition met
deployment.apps/controls-postgres condition met
deployment.apps/keycloak condition met
deployment.apps/keycloak-postgres condition met
deployment.apps/pathfinder-postgres condition met
deployment.apps/tackle-application-inventory condition met
deployment.apps/tackle-controls condition met
deployment.apps/tackle-pathfinder condition met
deployment.apps/tackle-ui condition met
deployment.apps/windup-api condition met
deployment.apps/windup-executor condition met
```

> Once deployed, the Tackle UI can be opened through the Route provided by OCP. To see the routes available execute

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once deployed, the Tackle UI can be opened through the Route provided by OCP.  
The route's URL is the value provided in the `HOST/PORT` column in the output of the command:
```
